Episode 7
The Madeleine, in Search of Lost Time.
She's pretty.
That one's pretty, too.
How lucky for them to be so young.
What's up with you, not nitpicking?
I'm sick of it.
Aren't you, too?
You've got no energy to nitpick on me, now?
There's nothing new with life.
What for? There's nothing special.
I keep sleeping less in the morning.
When I wake up thinking that it's morning, it's still not even four.
I just lie down like a dead person until others get up.
Thinking why I lived such a hectic life. Searching for god knows what.
Hey.
Do you know why you get less sleep as you get older?
So that before you die, you can hurry up and do more.
Brother...
What?
Give this hotel to Jin Hyun.
Ahh, all that talk about life was to get to that point, right?
You've got no one to leave the hotel, anyway.
If you don't like it, then get married now and have a child.
Hey, this woman's pretty, and that one's pretty. How can I choose one?
Yoon Sook, how about you becoming my wife?
Stop being silly!
They are trying to earn the current market value of 200 million worth company with only a lousy 2 million dollar contract fee.
That is nonsense.  I mean, what the hell is wrong with finding a supervisory committee here?
Are they blind?
But...Jin Hyun, your tastes have changed a lot.
Isn't she a bit...
Don't be so informal. She's older than us.
She must cost a lot in feeding expenses.
Were you desperate?
Were you that hungry?
Do you think you're a princess, getting to come to fancy hotels like this?
Don't be mistaken. Jin Hyun is just playing around with you.
What?
These level of people will not accept you into their world so easily.
Hey! What does it matter to you whether they accept me?
I'm worried that you'll be hurt.
Hurt? Coming from you?
Just stop right here. It'll just get harder later on.
Look here, Min Hyun Woo.
Never mind. It's pointless, anyway.
I saw this on a business trip to Spain and thought you might like it.
What do you think? Don't you think it matches her?
What the heck are you doing?!
I told you I wouldn't let it go if you came near her again.
What right do you have? Stop playing around with her!
Hey, hey! Have you seen Jin Hyun? He was here a minute ago.
He was here a second ago...
Just look over there.
Stop! You bastard, who do you think you're hitting!
What are they doing?!
They must be crazy.
Ah! Let go!
Kim Sam Soon!
Not going to let go?
Where do you think you're biting!
I bit a dog, so what?
What?
This bitch! Hey!
Let go.
No! Who told you to mess with him?
Let go while I'm asking nicely.
I won't!
This girl is...
Let go!
Shut up,  you bitch!
-Shut up you bitch!
-Ow!
I told you to let go when I asked nicely!
Let go! Let go! Let go of me!
Let me go!
You must have forgotten I played basketball in high school!
And as for you
I meant to keep it secret forever, but
you're the one who provoked this.
Got it?
What is she saying? Secret?
Let's go.
Hey, bug!
I guess you don't know yet, but...
I'm Sam Soon's first man.
Do you know what that means? You  bastard bug!
Come on.
Let go of me already.
Come on. Let go of me.
Ow, it hurts...
Did you forget the terms of our contract?
Why do you keep cheating on me?
Who says I'm cheating on you?
You keep meeting up with that bastard.
What do you mean? Did I meet him on purpose?
Who was it that brought me here?
Even if you met by chance, you should have run away.
Huh. I can't even..
When I'm being used for your own childish revenge,
is it right for you to scold me so harshly
for talking  a short while?
Don't you have any pride? Why do you keep talking back?
Whether I do, what does it matter to you?
If I tell you not to do it, then don't!
From now on, whether it's that guy or another, don't talk to them.
Don't talk to them or listen.  Only listen to me!
Wow, this is totally like Africa.
You did well.
What?
When you bit that guy earlier.
Huh. That guy... just say you like me if you do!
"Only listen to me. Listen only to me."
It seems you have finally fallen for Sam Soon's charms.
Wait... Is this guy normal?
If he does it again, perhaps he will do the same thing again.
I don't even know...
Why, of all people, was it Sam Soon?
There's too much difference in quality!
Oh, calm down! How many times do I need to tell you?
You dated that low class woman, and you expect to marry me?
Ha! What do I look like to you?
Sam Soon clung onto me and followed me around. That's it!
She was the one coming on to me when Jin Hyun went overboard.
What was that about being her first man?
I was so drunk I don't even remember!
But she was the one saying it was her first that took responsibility.
I'm not that reckless. I am responsible for my actions.
That's why I just endured it till now.
I don't care.
I'm calling off the engagement!  Right now.
Fine. Call it off.
Why is that bastard 'oppa', and I'm just a 'mister'?
There's only 3 years difference between us!
It's only a minor difference.
If you won't call me 'oppa', call it off.
Turn this way.
How could the hotel owner hit a customer and do this damage?
You should have endured it. No need to show off your strength.
Your mom will be so disappointed to hear about this.
What?
Did I say something wrong again?
You think I'll misunderstand what you did earlier?
Don't worry.  Because I won't misunderstand.
Because someone shows a little kindness, that I would misunderstand,
I know too much now for that.
It was just a simple favor, right?
Well, you could have lost your temper.
We are  officially dating, after all.
But, I must ask you this...
When you told me to only listen to you...
was that a mistake as well?
I guess it was a mistake.
But you've been making a lot of 'mistakes' lately.
It wasn't a mistake.
I'm saying it wasn't a mistake.
Seeing you talk with other men,
I don't like it.
I don't like you listening to other men either.
I don't know why.
I just...
dislike it.
Sorry, but...
we can't like each other.
The sixth clause says so.
We won't ever truly date.
Who says I like you?
Who says I want to date you?
I'm just saying that it's like that. Don't misunderstand.
You're messing with me right now, aren't you?
Why?
Would you like it if I did love you?
No.
You were the one talking nonsense!
Saying not to look at other men or talk to them.
What should one think that means?
There's nothing along those lines in the contract!
We can just write it in!
Hey!
Did you just speak informally again?
You're laughing?
I told you not to smirk like that in front of me.
Do you have any idea how bad it makes people feel?
You're the one always making me laugh.
When did I ever?
Do you not look in the mirror?
You're just a funny human being.
This little...
Where are the plane tickets? I'm going back to Seoul.
In my suit pocket.
Where's your suit?
Oh my.
I'm tired. Be my pillow for a bit.
Just for a short while.
Go away. There's pillows right here!
This pillow is good.
Then use my lap. Why do you need to use my stomach?!
I said I like this pillow.
I'm insecure about it. Get off!
That's why.
The perfect pillow three ways... tension and heat settings, too!
Stop sucking it in. It's stiff.
They're muscles.
Stop sucking in.
It's my tummy and my choice.
Can you just sell this tummy to me for 50,000 dollars?
There you go, calling your dogs name again.
Whenever I see you, I can't help but laugh,
though I shouldn't.
Why shouldn't you laugh?
I don't have the right.
What right do you need to laugh?
It's something I haven't told anyone, but what will you give me if I tell?
Very funny. Who wants to hear it?
What's the big mystery.  Get off of me.
I lent you my stomach, so hurry up and tell me.
I killed my older brother.
I killed him.
My brother,
his wife,
those I loved.
That day... the weather was so nice.
It was the bluest sky I had ever seen.
We went on a random picnic
My brother, his wife, me,
and Mi Joo
Hee Jin couldn't come because of an anatomy class.
On our way back,
my brother seemed tired.
It hadn't been long since he'd started the hotel work,
so,
I drove.
It looks like my mom's hometown is this road now.
So, are you sad?
I guess a road is just a road to be traveled on, huh?
Actually, that sounds really poetic.
Think so?
What? Jeju Island?
Why Jeju Island?
The boss took her for some business meeting there.
Family business getaway?
Are they coming back today?
Shouldn't they, of course?
Should have let me know before hand if she was going to go.
What does that Sam Shik think he's doing?
Ow!
Who threw that?
Oh, it hurts.
Oh, are you alright? Are you hurt anywhere?
Oh, hello.
I guess you came to see Sam Soon?
Did you hit me on purpose?
Why would I aim for you?
I should be the one getting hit.
Well, that's a relief.
Are you alright?
Whatever, I'm fine.
Ooh that hurts...
Oh my.
-Look here.
-What am I going to do?
Put some ointment on your knee before you go.
Did you dig a hole here on purpose?!
You're having a fit and growing horns.
The horns are coming out.
You're so not funny.
I really didn't know.
I can see all of your butt right now.
See, this is worth it.
So, what do you think?
I think it's so tragic.
What is?
It's so beautiful here, you know, and she's never going  to see it.
Oma   - Oma?
It's funny, 'cause I...
I know another girl who has something amazing right in front of her,
but she can't see it either.
So what are you going to do if another girl comes along and takes him away from you?
Huh?
Why don't you just tell him the truth?
No.   I'm not going to tell him the truth.
Never?
See you're not going to find a solution that way.
This is a big deal.
I mean, even I couldn't forgive you for that.
I'm a really nice guy.
So what?  I tell him that I love him,
and if he comes back, would that be because of love?
I don't know.
I don't want him coming back out of sympathy.
So what if he never comes back?
Then will you take me?
I'll think about it.
-That's no fun.
- What?
In situations like this you say, "Am I your toy?"
"Am I your toy?"
What's it mean?
It means, don't take me for granted. I'm not for sale.
Don't take me for granted.
"Am I your toy?"
And in a few weeks, she left
saying that she would be back in 5 years. For sure.
Like someone who'd come back from some trip.
Anyway, you've been waiting for her then. With me the phony lover.
No, it's just that time has continued to flow on.
But you didn't date other women.
It was just too much trouble.
You did wait for her.
You did wait for her. Whether it was feelings or just time.
If one side stops loving and I quit, what does my love become?
Will you start again?
Even stil you love her, don't you?
I see everything.
You guys are very alike.
Us both?
You and Hee Jin.
You both make me laugh.
Have you been to Mount Halla here?
Nope.
I haven't even gone up a little mountain.
I've gone twice...
once with my brother, and
once after I finished my rehabilitation.
When I went with my brother, there was so much snow.
My brother cleared a path through the waist-high snow.
The other hikers just straggled along behind us.
When I went after finishing rehabilitation,
I went on an impulse.
"If I can just go up this mountain to the top,
there won't be any problems with these battered legs in the future."
Did you make it all the way up?
Yeah.
I cut through the clouds,
and standing at the summit,
it felt like I was standing on the clouds.
I said at that time,
Now let's stop it.
Both the self reproach and the resentment.
I decided then
to at least not show Hee Jin a pitiful state when she came back.
When I came down, I made ramen
because my brother had made ramen for me there before as well.
But it wasn't the same taste.
I probably won't ever be able to eat such delicious ramen ever again.
See, you make me laugh.
I stopped eating halfway earlier.
Let's go.
Where?
To eat ramen.
Next time, if possible, lets go to Mount Halla together.
Kim Sam Soon.
Yeah?
I mean... yes?
I'm just telling you again. It's not like I've come to like you, ok?
Don't you get what I'm saying?
I told you earlier I wouldn't be confused.
That's fine then.
Yeah, sis?
Are you still in Jeju Island?
How'd you know?
Is Sam Shik next to you?
No, he's not, just talk. What's up?
You're coming back today, right?
Yeah...
You definitely cannot spend the night there.
Why?
What do you mean why?! Something can't happen with that guy, that's why!
What could happen?
At any rate, just come back right now.
Fine, got it.
Oh, and
you don't have any extra clothes at your workplace right?
What workplace?
Are you at the restaurant right now, sis?
Uh... whatever, just let me know if you have any clothes at the restaurant.
I didn't leave any there.
Aw jeez.  Alright then, bye.
Yes?
May I come in?
Not yet, please wait.
Yes?
Please open the...are you taking off your clothes?
Then let me get my arm in, at least.
Whose are these?
They're mine, so what?
There aren't any from other people? There are female employees too.
I asked, but no one has any.
Are you going to wear it or not?
And you need to return that! I've had those for ten years.
I don't want to eat ramen.
I thought you said you were hungry?
Let's just head to the airport.
Well, I'm hungry. Let's eat before we go.
Then eat on your own. I'm going to go first.
How'd you come all the way here?
Yes... because I received an invitation.
Is that Mr. Right?
We need to talk.
I have nothing to say to you.
It'll only be a moment.
Your boyfriend might not like that.
He's just a friend.
I don't care.
How can you do this to me?
Come.
Please don't go.
Let go of him.
I can't. You let go.
--You let go.
--YOU let go.
And as for you,
Don't look at other women.
Listen only to me, only look at me.
Let's go.
It'll only be a moment.
Do you really want to get hit?
Let go when I'm asking nicely.
Just for a bit. It won't take long.
No. I don't want him to even for a minute or second.
If you go now, it's over between us.
Jin Hyun!
Come on.
Where do you want to go?
To the airport.
I thought you said you wanted ramen.
Driver, please stop here.
You leave first.
Driver, please take her to the airport.
Hey, Jin Hyun!
Ahjussi, please let me off here as well.
Just a second!
Don't go.
What are you doing right now?
Don't go. I have something to tell you!
Tell me later.
I'm saying I've come to like you.
I'm saying I've come to like you, you jerk!
♫ I have always worried  ♫
Don't go...
♫ that I would be a burden to you. ♫
If you leave now.
If you leave now...그땐 아무것도 몰랐던 거야
♫ Back then, I didn't know anything. ♫
♫ Sometimes you were crying,
you, who always laughed ♫
♫ But you cried secretly.  ♫~
♫ I broke your heart.  ♫
♫ Will you miss me
when you sometimes think of me ? ♫
♫ I didn't know it would be my last love. ♫
♫ Inside my heart, ♫
♫ I  knew  ♫
♫  The sky will glow on the day I look forward to. ♫
♫  Inside your heart,  ♫
♫  Now for you there is anticipation. ♫
♫  After the longing, I am crying.  ♫
Hello.
Hee Jin, I know she's inside.
Yeah.  She's inside.  Go ahead.
That's my friend Henry.  You should greet him.
Hi.  I'm Henry. Nice to meet you.
She and I have to talk. In private.
Okay. I'll leave you guys.
No.  You shouldn't have to go.
Henry is like my other half. No need to send him out.
You went to study... and you come back with that guy?
Is that as far as your imagination goes?
Try to write more interesting fiction.
Send that guy out first.
You talk first. Why are you here?
The real reason you left. Tell me.
'Studying' abroad was just an excuse, wasn't it?
Yes.
Did my mom do something?
That's not it.
Then what is it!
Why are you so curious?
You have a girlfriend to bring to official places.
If I'd known you brought her here,
I wouldn't have come.
But, now it really seems like the end.
That's all I wanted to say earlier.
To tell you guys to be happy.
Tell me why you left.
No, I won't tell you.
I'm going to make you wonder forever,
make you regret it forever!
That's my revenge for your distrust in me.
Calm down.
You need to calm down.
Hee Jin was very sick.
Henry stop!
I am her doctor.
Stop it!
Don't tell him! That's not helping me out any.
Get out.
Hurry up and get out.
Get out!
She has AGC.  Advanced Gastric Cancer.
I removed almost all of her stomach.
So she should not be stressed, and you should not be yelling at her, okay?
Is it true?
Answer me.
Why?
Why didn't you tell me?
Why didn't? Why?!
How could I tell you?
How?
Why not? You could have said you would be back after getting a surgery.
How could I do so, when you're going through such a hard time?
You're tied up with your situation. Then, how could I tell you?
I'm sorry I thought...
It would be okay.
I thought everything is going to be fine.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry...
Gee, those pigs smell really bad.
Who is this?
Hello?
Where's Jin Hyun?
Yes, Mother.
I'm not your mother yet. Don't call me like that. I asked you. Where is Jin Hyun?
He's out on business.
The flight time is almost up. Where is he? He didn't even answer the phone!
I think you'd better go first, I think it's going to take longer than I expected. He's going to be late.
Late? Why?  What is he doing?
I'm afraid I don't know exactly.
I heard that you got into a fight with Chae Ri's fiancee earlier. Is that true?
What?
No, it's not that…
But, why is it so noisy over there? Are you catching pigs or something?
Um... it's a...
Why are you hesitating? Just spit it out!
Sorry.
That's enough!
Excuse me, Sir, but since you're already giving me a ride, could you please drop me off in front of the hotel? Please?
My toes are all swollen, and I can't run with these heels.
I'm sorry that I didn't talk to them much. I thought I would see them again.
What's the difference? We wouldn't talk to them for long, anyway.
Why are you so grumpy?
I don't like anything about her.
She's old. Her family is not well off…
Where on earth did he find such a girl?
I thought you've matured. You should get up earlier in the morning.
Yes, yes.
I want to postpone my scheduled flight.
I'd like to change it to the last flight.
Okay, well yes.
Thank you very much.
Hello.
Can you speak Korean?
Korean?
Oh, you can!
Do you happen to know where my boss is.
The man I was with.
The man who came with me! My boyfriend.
You can't speak Korean?
You should have learned some...
What's your name?
I'm Henry Kim.
Oh, Henry! My name is Sa––
My name is Sophie!
Sophie?
Can you speak French?
No.
My name is Sophie.
I can't speak English.
And you can't speak French.
We're the same, aren't we?
You don't understand, right?
You... boyfriend?
You, ah... Hee Jin, Hee Jin is your girlfriend?
No, just friends.
Ah, no girlfriend?
Ah, just friend...
Yeah!
Yeah.
You know my boyfriend?
Your boyfriend, Mr. Hyun?
Yes, Mr. Hyun!
Yes, he's in the room.
Room? Yeah.
Same room... together?
Hee Jin's room, together?
Oh my god!
No! Oh, no no no...
What's the room number?
What are you pulling? Quickly tell me.
Tell me the room number!
Now, your girlfriend and my boyfriend are together! We should take them apart!
Are you crazy?
Crazy?
Yes, I'm crazy.
I'm about to lose my boyfriend. How can I stay calm?!
Okay, I can figure it out on my own!
Wait, wait!
Sit, come one, sit.
Are you going to tell me the number?
If I sit down, will you tell me the room number?
This is just vitamin pills.
Don't worry.
One is for iron, the other is for digestion.
Now, I don't need digestive medicine anymore.
I bring them with me just in case.
What is that scar on your face?
Nothing. Don't worry about it.
This won't do. I shall put medicine on it.
I'm okay. I applied it already.
I've got a magical medicine.
that will heal your bruise immediately.
Here's another one.
You're embarrassing me. Please, smile.
Any other bruises?
You seem to have lost a lot of weight.
Actually, I've regained it a lot.
I lost 10 killograms when I was going through chemo theraphy after the surgery.
I was like a kangaroo.
When did you find out?
Remember I used to tell you I kept on getting indigestion?
Yes, you said you felt nauseated.
I thought I got pregnant, so I bought a pregnancy tester.
The day you had an accident I received a diagnosis.
I lied to you that I had an autopsy class.
While waiting for you to wake up in the ward,
I worried so much.
I wasn't sure if I should tell you the truth.
I thought how you'd react, if I told you?
And when you would recover?
Who's more miserable, you or me?
Then, I decided not to tell.
Never do that again.
Survival rate was only 35%.
I cried so hard on the airplane.
The chance I could come back was 35%.
The chance I would never see you again was
65%.
Am I great?
I survived the slim chance.
Thank you for surviving.
For my entire life
you just said the most touching words.
You're so good. What can I do?
I give up.
You win!
Do you like tea?
I do.
Do you like Madeleine?
Madeleine?
This is Madeleine.
Madeleine.
French cookie.
Madeleine, this...
Dip it in the tea like this. Watch.
Dip it, and bite into it.
Bite.
My job is a patissier.
Patissier?
No, patissier.
How can I say in English?
Ah, baker.
Baker? You're a baker?
I'm a baker, great! You're right.
I love bakers.
Thank you.
This madeleine is
the most famous cookie in France.
Wow, my English is good today.
Hmm...
You know "À la recherche du temps perdu?"
You don't?
In English, the title is:
What is it called?
"Looking for time."
French book.
Marcel Proust.
Marcel Proust, "In Search of Lost Time."
Yes, that's right, "In Search of Lost Time."
I heard about it, but I haven't read it yet.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Anyway, Madeleine appears in the book.
The main character of the book eats Madeleine with tea and remembers the past.
The main character describes this Madeleine like this,
"Chubby, sexy, but a little wrinkled."
I don't know how to say...
Um, okay, like this.
He said,
This is
sexy cookie.
Sexy cookie?
Right.
My French lecturer told me
instead of the madeleine, I should have a brioche and French pastry made with choux.
Because I was in France, I bought the book, but It's so difficult that I got frustrated after a few chapters.
Hmm...
Well, Henry.
Now, the two are
searching their lost time as in the book?
Right? Right?
I...
I did many bad things to Henry.
I cried, yelled at him, and even hit him,
While seeing my ugly side,
he didn't even make a face.
I did everything to get him to leave and come back to you.
Don't worry. Now, I'm with you.
Hello, go straight, please.
Hello.
Go straight, please.
Hello?
Thank you for telling me earlier about your brother.
I was going to tell you about my father.
My father was a miller.
I couldn't go to his funeral.
It was so sudden that I couldn't get a flight ticket
I saw him last,
at the Kimpo Airport. That time, the Incheon Airport wasn't opened yet.
He brought a big bunch of rice cakes for me.
But, I got angry with him.
I told him no one eats rice cake these days.
But,
If I'd known it was the last time,
I would have told him, "Thank you!"
"Good bye, take care."
I should have said that.
Thanks again for telling me about your brother.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you.
Excuse me?
Which way is to Mt. Halla from here?
This way.
Thank you.
Father,
why is love always so tough for me?
Father, tell me why.
Preview for Episode 8